addes page for managing metrics account. (#443)
logzio/logz-docs: _source/user-guide/infrastructure-monitoring/managing-metrics-account.md

---
layout: article
title: Managing your Metrics account
permalink: /user-guide/infrastructure-monitoring/metrics-account.html
flags:
  admin: true
  logzio-plan:
tags:
contributors:
  - shalper
---

> By default, your Metrics account is found under your main log monitoring account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, your Metrics account can be accessed from only your main account.
```

> To open it, log into your Logz.io Operations account and select the

Reviewer: 1. `To open it` - not clear if `it` refers  to your logging or your metrics account
2. No such thing as "Operations account" - change to `Operations workspace`

[Metrics tab](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/grafana/).

> ![Navigate to your metrics account](https://dytvr9ot2sszz.cloudfront.net/logz-docs/grafana/reach-metrics.png)

Reviewer: There's a lot going on in this image - I recommend cropping it in to just the areas you need

If the Metrics tab is missing, the account doesn't have permissions to it. You can give it permissions if you're an admin, as shown next.

#### To add view access to your Metrics account

> You can give log-monitoring sub-accounts access to view Metrics accounts that belong to the same main account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can give log-monitoring sub accounts access to view Metrics accounts that belong to the same main account.
```

`sub accounts` is never hyphenated

Select [**<i class="li li-gear"></i> > Settings > Manage accounts**](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/manage-accounts) from the top-right corner. (This option only appears when you are on the main account.)

> Scroll down to the Metrics account, and select it to expand its panel. Here you'll find the account's shipping token, account name, and usage history.

Author: ```suggestion
Scroll down to the Metrics account, and select it to expand its panel. Here you'll find the account's shipping token, account name, and usage history. 
```

> You can add any of the log-monitoring sub-accounts in the drop-down list. If the account you are looking for doesn't appear on the list, it likely belongs to a different main account.

Reviewer: same notes here:

`log-monitoring sub-accounts` => `sub accounts`

> ![Managing Metrics account permissions](https://dytvr9ot2sszz.cloudfront.net/logz-docs/grafana/metrics-account-read-permissions.png)

Author: @imnotashrimp  - This image was updated in AWS but doesn't seem to be updated. https://logzbucket.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/logz-docs/grafana/metrics-account-read-permissions.png. What am I missing?

Reviewer: Not sure. But there are some things on this image that need to change - 

1. Blur the shipping token & account id
2. remove the hand cursor
